Add project documentation contents to be displayed on RTD (#210)
canonical/charmed-openstack-upgrader: docs/explanation/known-issues.rst

Reviewer: This doesn't seem the best section for known bugs. The Explanation section should - I believe - be about explaining how COU works (i.e. how it is put together). Known bugs are useful from an operational perspective, so they should rather be in howto and reference. Refer to the diataxis compass: https://diataxis.fr/compass/

============
Known issues
============

> There are known upgrade bugs of the OpenStack that may help you troubleshoot an
> unsuccessful upgrade run: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Potential known upgrade bugs and non-standard procedures are listed in the OpenStack Charm Guide:
```

- `Issues, charm procedures, and OpenStack upgrade notes`_
 
.. LINKS:

> .. _Issues, charm procedures, and OpenStack upgrade notes: https://docs.openstack.org/charm-guide/latest/project/issues-and-procedures.html

Reviewer 2: This link is referring to not existing url, is that ok?

Reviewer 2: Hmm, now it's working, maybe I just copied and pasted it wrongly.
